
21:47
23-08-2024

one thing they work hard to hide is the character of God, present and surrounding us in being—like the forces of nature, phenomena, basic science, and existence as a whole. they use tools to obscure the truth, to explain things, and to give perspective. this shift in perspective eliminates the evidence of the actual truth. there is power in possessing both truth and perspective. they hide this because they understand that how you perceive things influences your engagement with them, and your engagement influences things. a form of power. our perspectives are often shaped to channel this power towards things they deem meaningless, making us an unconscious utility. a great way to keep people busy, out of the way, and beneficial at the same time. inevitable success. you must remember that the enemy is present and prevalent and runs the world for we are not from here. on a course to self destruction. 




14:09
24-08-2024

it's like walking from point A to point B. you're only aware of the things you pay attention to while factually, there's a whole world around you that you aren't even aware of. so in your perception, things outside the 'reality' of your consciousness simply to you either don't exist or are irrelevant to your purpose. seen as obstacles. not perceiving them doesn't define the fact of their existence. does the chair behind you really exist when you're not looking at it? or does it only exist when you perceive it. obviously the answer is that it does exist. simply because its existence doesn't depend on your perception. much like in the real world. there are thousands of basic things occurring without you being aware. some of these things are more influential than others. a person who understands this and doesn't want you to be aware of reality will do everything to keep reality out of your perception. without you even being aware. 




13:28
29-09-2024

imagine i take a piece of paper and i draw a 2D being. now say i give this being consciousness and free will, meaning they can perceive the world around them and act on it as they please. in their perception, i have created them from nothing. i have brought about the order and design from the chaos and disorder of this piece of paper. and since they have free will, they can choose to not believe my existence and that i created them.

now imagine i draw/create a box in front of them and in this box i draw an object, like a ball. since they are in a 2D world, all they can see is a straight line in front of them and this is because they don't have access to the 3rd dimension which would otherwise enable them to have the perspective which i have as the creator of his world. this also means my creation can never perceive me, a 3 dimensional being, they can never perceive the very pen i used to create them or how it works. that's something they can never fathom because their 2D consciousness is incapable. 

now, this world is made up of just ink and paper, in other words the ink is their matter and the paper is space. so in their world if they create scientific instruments to better understand the world around them, they would eventually conclude that their world is made up of the very small dots of ink that are arranged in a specific way to formulate reality, and this is mediated through a piece of paper. this means, scientifically, anything outside of this reality, doesn't exist. and that includes me, the pen i used, my consciousness, my image, my voice or sound. there's a whole world they will never know of and the only way for them to know i exist, is if i try to communicate with them.



13:14
29-09-2024

i want you to imagine this. say i base my whole perception of things on evidence.

well, that means i have to observe the behavior of things, define their attributes, and ultimately conclude their existence.

now, what happens if i can’t observe something or perceive it in any way? to me, that would simply mean it doesn’t exist. i can’t prove in any way that someone who claims to love me actually loves me. does that mean they don’t love me? no, it just means i can’t prove it.

this whole concept of evidence is flawed.

the thing is, the existence of something isn’t determined by my observation or ability to prove it. absence of proof isn’t proof of absence. 

this whole concept of evidence is flawed. in a video game, there’s no evidence of the developers within the game world, but does that mean they don’t exist? if i create a cup and put it on the table, there’s no evidence of my existence on that cup, yet you can conclude that someone created it because of its order, intent, and design. you have the ability to tell the difference between something designed by humans and something that is not—like a pile of dust versus a cup, or a cloud versus a table. this ability allows you to conclude that someone definitely designed these things although there is no direct tangible evidence.

the same goes for reality. based on the order, intent, and design of these very complex systems, wouldn’t it be ignorant to deny the fact that there must be a highly intelligent designer behind everything that functions as a system?




